♪ Let's go real far ♪
♪ I should pack my bag first ♪
♪ We've got so much to see ♪
♪ If you really want ♪
♪ And you really do ♪
♪ I could go round the world with you ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Whatever you do ♪
♪ I'll be there with you ♪
♪ Ollie and Moon ♪
Wow! My tulips finally bloomed!
Aren't they amazing, Stanley?
Gulp! You said it, Ollie!
Moon! Moon! Moon!
Sorry, I was brushing my teeth and--
Oh, wow! Your tulips finally
bloomed! Congratulations, Ollie.
They're wonderful!
Except... where are the yellow ones?
I'm sure I planted yellow ones,
but none came up.
It's just not spring without them.
Don't worry, Ollie.
We'll find them, because
I am having... a brainstorm!
Uh-oh. When you have a brainstorm,
it usually means
I get dragged off somewhere!
No need to be sad, Ollie!
We'll just pop over to the Netherlands
and get you those yellow tulips.
Ollie, something I've got to tell you.
I... I...
Never mind!
Let's go get you those yellow tulips,
take our minds off things!
Come on, Ollie, what do you say?
OK. I'll just need to pack first.
But don't worry, I'll keep it light.
Ready!
-Whoa!
-Let's go!
Your tulips are waiting!
Whoo!
Whee!
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are now entering the Netherlands.
Yay.
Wow! Cool place.
Uh-huh. Where are the tulips?
Don't know. Let's try that way!
-Ready, Ollie?
-No.
Run!
Run? Aw...
Watch it! Hey!
Wow! I've never seen so many
bicycles! This is my kinda town!
Found the tulips! Says here they're...
Whoa!
-Scoot? Is that you?
-Ugh! Ollie! Moon! Hi!
What are you doing here, Scoot?
-Are you lost again?
-Scoot Jackson lost?
Not any more! Thanks to
my super-special super GPS.
-Cool!
-How's it work?
I just tell my super-special super GPS
where I would like to go.
Let's see, what's next
on my explorer list?
-Oh, yeah, to see some tulips.
-Excellent choice.
I just type it in. And then
I follow the arrow on the screen
till I get there.
Wanna see while I grab a picture?
Nice gizmo,
but look at the fabulous
rubber safety cover it's in.
Wonder if it bounces?
-Yup. Does.
-Moon!
You just lost Scoot's
super-special super GPS!
And he's going to be
super-specially upset!
-We have to do something!
-Like what?
-Pretend your phone is the GPS?
-Genius plan, Ollie!
What? No! We can't really do that!
Just did!
What do you think? Super special, right?
[nervous laugh]
Sure is.
Well, just going to follow
this arrow to the tulip fields.
So long!
He didn't notice. That's good.
This way? If you say so,
super-special super GPS!
[gasp]
But now that fake GPS is taking him
in the wrong direction!
And that's bad!
Hey, guys! Everything good?
-No? What happened?
-We lost Scoot's GPS
and replaced it with a fake one.
We couldn't bring ourselves
to tell him the truth!
[gulps]
Yeah, sometimes it is hard
to tell a friend when you make a mistake.
And now, instead of getting my tulips,
we have to catch Scoot
and get him back on track.
Come on! Before he gets away!
Let's use this!
-And these!
-Um...
Ollie, ready to beat this traffic?
Not really!
Moon, look! There he is!
Good job, Ollie! Now all we have
to do is spin Scoot around
so he goes back towards the tulips. Easy!
Fish sticks! Where's he going now?
From the side of the bus,
it looks like he's on his way
to see a windmill.
Follow that bus!
[panting]
Oh, no! Scoot's getting away!
Maybe there's a shortcut to the windmill.
I'll check my map.
Got it! Turn here!
Whoa!
Listen. I sound like a motorboat!
Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya!
[giggles]
Is this a shortcut or a carnival ride?
Look! There's the bus!
If we go across the field,
we can catch up to him.
Come on!
[panting]
This is hopeless!
I'll never see my tulips.
I wish you'd never lost
that super-special super GPS.
Well, I wish you'd never had
one of your genius plans
to make a fake one.
Um... guys?
Well, I wish you'd never had
a brainstorm to come here.
-Guys?
-Well, I wish
you'd never planted tulips
in the first place!
Guys! I hate to interrupt this
important blaming, but look!
We made it!
Whoa!
Hey! Who turned out the lights?
Wow! That windmill is gorgeous!
Isn't it just so graceful?
Except for that weird,
dangly, doggy-shaped part.
-What is that?
-Straight ahead? Still?
Huh! If you say so,
super-special super GPS.
You gotta be pullin' my tulips.
What do we do?
I am having a brainstorm!
Oh, no!
Huh? Moon, look! Tulips!
-Not now, Ollie!
-Not now? But they're so close!
Just hang on!
Whoo!
Yes!
-No!
I can't... believe...
we're chasing that bus... again.
So... tired...
What can I do? I know!
I'll shout out encouragements!
Pedal harder!
My grandmother's faster than you
and she's a snail!
How's that? Better? Working?
-Mmm.
-Ollie?
I know I was mad at you before,
but I really wish you had
one of your genius plans
to help us out of this.
And I wish you had
one of your great brainstorms.
I know I complain about them, Moon,
but they're one of my favourite
things about you.
When you think about it, Ollie,
we are a pretty good team.
Yeah. You know what?
Team Ollie and Moon can do this!
♪ Opposites of what we are ♪
♪ We can't give up ♪
♪ Give me a smile, say "cheese" ♪
♪ Buddy, buddy, sing it out and shout ♪
♪ You are my best friend,
we can work it out ♪
♪ Side by side, we're ♪
♪ Buddy, buddy, sing it out and shout ♪
♪ Two friends together
is what it's all about ♪
♪ We can work it out ♪
Woo-hoo!
-There's the bus!
-Come on!
Maybe Scoot's inside the Opera House!
Let's look backstage.
Grab a costume and try to blend in!
I can't see Scoot. What a disaster!
We've lost our friend and
we never even got the tulips.
We really did it this time.
Why didn't we just tell him the truth?
[applause]
-What do we do?
-I don't know. Sing?
♪ Oh, our friend is lost ♪
♪ So very lost, so very lost, so very lost ♪
♪ So very lost ♪
♪ We misplaced his GPS ♪
♪ It's really quite a mess ♪
What a mess!
♪ We should have told the truth ♪
♪ The truth, the truth, the truth ♪
♪ The truth, the truth ♪
♪ Because now our friend is lost ♪
♪ Now our friend is lost ♪
Ollie? Moon? Stanley? Is that you?
♪ Your friend is quite near ♪
♪ The truth is good to hear ♪
♪ Can you forgive us somehow? ♪
♪ Yes, I'll forgive you right now ♪
♪ And it is what it's all about ♪
Bravo!
Yellow tulips!
Straight ahead? If you say so,
super-special super GPS.
[laughter]
Guys, I have to say our adventure
has kind of inspired me.
I have a confession to make.
-What is it, Stanley?
-Well, the truth is, Ollie...
I ate your yellow tulips.
I'm really sorry. I should've
been honest about my mistake.
-Can you ever forgive me?
-Definitely.
In fact, you know what?
From now on, you can eat as many
yellow tulips as you like.
Thanks for my yellow tulips, Moon.
Thanks for the adventure, Ollie.
Hmm.
[munching]